2. - Overall description:

2. A. - Product perspective:

2. A. 1. - Scenarios:

Student uploads/updates a CV:
The student can upload an already existing CV on the platform.

Student browses the offers:
The student can look at the list of offers and filter by location, time, field, level of education, and by using keywords. They can then apply, which sends a notification to the company.

Student receives a suggestion:
The student periodically receives suggestions about how to improve their CV and can follow the suggestion step by step.

Student receives a recommendation:
The student periodically receives internship recommendations that may match their profile, they can accept it and the platform will send a notification to the corresponding company.

Student creates an application:
The student can create an application for an offer.

Student participates to a complaint space:
The student can submit a complaint or take part to the conversation.

Student takes a questionnaire:
During the recruiting process, the student may take a questionnaire for a specific offer.

Student participates in an interview:
During the recruiting process, the student may participate to an interview with the company.

Student monitors recruiting process:
The student can monitor the current state of the recruiting process.

Student provides feedback:
The student can provide feedback at any time about the platform and the suggestions or recommendations they received.

Company creates an offer:
The company can create a new offer and specify all the details about the field, time, location, expected degree. This offer is then available for all students to see and advertised to those that may match.

Company receives a suggestion:
The company periodically receives suggestions on how to make the offers / project descriptions more appealing to students.

Company receives a recommendation:
The company periodically receives recommendations about student profiles. They can accept it and the platform will send a notification to the corresponding student.

Company accepts or declines an application:
When a student applies for a specific offer the company can accept the application if they want to proceed with the recruiting process with this student.

Company starts the recruiting process:
Once the user and the company both agree to their counterpart's offer, the company can communicate, send testing materials, and interview the student on the platform.

Company collects questionnaire answers:
Once the user has taken the questionnaire, the company can collect the answers and include them in their decision process.

Company participates in an interview.
During the recruiting process, the company may participate to an interview with the student to asses their profile.

Company participates to a complaint space:
The company can submit a complaint or take part to the conversation.

Company provides feedback:
The company can provide feedback at any time about the platform and the suggestions or recommendations they received.

University monitors the recruiting process:
The university has access to tools to monitor the status of the internships and to get info. They can interrupt an internship if an issue arises.

University participates to a complaint space:
The university can submit a complaint or take part to the conversation.

Feedback improves matching algorithm:
The feedback is sent to the database of the matching algorithm as additional data to perform analysis onto.

Matching algorithm computes recommendation:
With all the data at its disposal, the matching algorithm computes best matches and creates recommendation for companies and students.




2. A. 2. - Domain class diagram

TODO

2. A. 3. - State diagrams

TODO



2. B. - Product functions:

Sign-up and login:
Sign-up is available to all users who want to use the platform. When a new user opens the platform, they can press the "Sign-up" button and will be redirected to a page where they can enter credentials (for example with e-mail or google account) and customise their username, password, and additional account settings.
Once an account is created by a user, it can be accessed by pressing the login button and entering the credentials provided during the account creation.

CV upload:
The students can upload an already existing CV on the platform, provide information about their education, experiences, skills and attitudes.

Internship offer creation:
The companies can create internship offers by specifying the projects (application domain, tasks to be performed, relevant adopted technologies-if any, etc.), terms (paid or unpaid, tangible and intangible benefits, such as training, mentorships, etc.), profiles preferred for the offer (degree, field, etc.), as well as timing and location.

CV/offer suggestions:
The students have access to tutorials and hints on CV creation.
The companies also have access to help for making project descriptions.

Students can be proactive:
Students can manually go through the available internships to look for offers that may suit them. They can search with keywords about location, level of education, field, etc.

Recommendations:
The platform uses statistical analysis and CV-offer similarity to find probable matches. Those probable matches are then periodically proposed to both the students and the companies. The recommendations can be accepted or dismissed by both parties.
The platform collects various kinds of information during this process based for example on acceptances and refusals to feed and improve the statistical analysis. Users can also provide feedback which will also be studied by the platform to further improve their recommendation system.

Support for selection process:
The platform supports the selection by helping manage interviews, questionnaires, etc. The platform also provides the companies with tools to compare how students performed in those tests to finalize the selections.

Monitoring:
The platform provides spaces for communication, complaints, internship status monitoring, and matchmaking process monitoring to students, universities and companies.



2. C. - User characteristics:

Student:
The student is able to register and login to the platform, to upload or create a CV and to browse the internship offers to find one that matches their expectations. Offers can also be recommended to the user.
Once they are accepted by a company they can participate in the selection process and monitor it on the platform.

Companies:
The companies can post offers which will be advertised to students. Students will contact them and they will also receive recommendations.
Should they accept a recommendation, the company can contact them and go through the recruiting process on the platform.

Universities:
They can and are advised to monitor the recruiting process and the internships themselves. They have tools to communicate and see complaints.



2. D. - Assumptions, dependencies and constraints:

2. D. 1. - Regulatory policies

User personal information is only used for login. Mail boxes or google accounts won't be used for commercial purposes.

2. D. 2. - Domain Assumptions:

[D1] Users must have a reliable internet connection
[D2] User personal information must be correct
[D3] Student CVs must correspond to their skills and experiences
[D4] Company posts must reflect what they truly offer in their projects
[D5] Universities must monitor the situation of internships
[D6] User feedback must be truthful

